hello and welcome to all our 1000ps fans
all over the world we're at the ACMA
2013 I'm at in the area of PMW and pmw
works together with dennis and i am here
with a victoria cafe g development
development manager of the knees and you
build together with BMW a new race suit
could you tell us something about that
yes today we present the B&W double are
a rising suit which incorporates what we
call the intelligent clothing it is the
dear technology a technology that can
protect the riders against the injuries
in 45 milliseconds and we call it
intelligent clothing because it is
capable to detect the accident
conditions and inflate a 4 liters air
bag that can protect the shoulder
collarbone and limit the movements of
the head during the tumbling of the
rider it is dedicated for the racetrack
use of course as we are talking about a
one-piece professional suit and it is of
course dedicated to the thousand double
our B&W because of the good color scheme
and it looks like it fits very good to
this machine yes I have to say that we
have been horner to cooperate with B&W
whispers for sure a pioneer in the world
of safety dedicated to the two wheels to
the motorcycles and the results of the
this is only the beginning of the
cooperation I for the project year and
what we are very happy to we can expect
something more can we yes of course the
dear
technology is dedicated not only for the
racetrack use but also for everyday
Street user as denisa we are already
marketing a dear street which is either
jacket or a vest dedicated to the open
roads use and we are cooperating with a
BMW also for introducing this version of
the deer in the future very good thank
you thank you